Lecturer: So now that we signed up with the service,
in this lecture I'm gonna show you
how to use the SMTP servers offered by this service
in order to send fake emails.
So first of all,
we're gonna go on the transactional in here,
and you'll see that we have all of the information
that we need to authenticate with the SMTP servers offered
by this website in order to send the fake emails.
So right now we just need to use a program
in order to authenticate
and then send the fake emails.
So in Kali, we're gonna use a program called send email.
And because this is the first time we're using this program,
it's always a good idea to run the program
with the dash-dash help argument
to see how to use it
and all of the available options.
So scrolling up,
you can see the main usage is send email,
we're using the dash F argument,
and then you set the options.
Now, before doing this,
the first thing I wanna do is set the username
and the password using the dash XU
and the dash XP arguments.
So our command is going to be sendemail -xu
to give the username.
And if we go up,
we have the username here,
which is jhnwck70@gmail.com in my case.
So I'm gonna copy it and paste it here.
Next we need to set the password,
we're gonna use the dash XP to do that.
And again, if we scroll up,
we have the password here,
so copy and paste it there.
Next we'll need to specify the server.
So we're gonna use the dash S option.
And as you can see, you first give it the server,
colon, followed by the port.
An example is this.
So if we go up, you can see
that our server is this one right here.
So again, control C to copy it.
And our port is going to be 587.
So going down, we're gonna do dash S
to specify the server,
we're gonna give it the server that we just copied.
And I'm gonna type colon followed by the port.
And as we've seen before, the port is 587.
So I'm gonna type 587.
So far we haven't composed the email yet.
All we're doing is we're authenticating
with the email server.
So this step is very similar to what you do
when you go to gmail.com.
For example, the first thing that you get asked for
is your username and a password.
And only once you log in you can start sending emails.
So this is what we're doing right here.
We first log it in with our username, password, and server.
And now that we're logged in,
we can go ahead
and start composing our email.
Now the cool thing about this,
this is not an ordinary email client.
We can actually set the from email,
and when the email is delivered,
it's gonna appear as if it's sent
from the from email that we pick in here.
Now, from our information gathering stage,
we discovered that our target's email is zaid@isecurity.org.
And we discovered that this target, Zaid,
is linked to another person named Mohammad Askar.
And his email is m.askar@isecurity.org.
So when picking this from email,
you wanna make sure that you pick an existing email,
something that exists,
and you wanna make sure that you pick an email
that your target usually receives emails from.
This will increase the chances
of your target opening the email,
and it'll also ensure
that the email will be delivered in the inbox
and not in the spam.
So I'm gonna set my from email to m.askar@isecurity.org.
Next, we're gonna use the dash T option
to specify the email
that we want to send this email to.
And from our information gathering stage,
we know that the email of our target is zaid@isecurity.org.
Next, we're gonna use the dash U argument
to specify the title of the email.
So I'm just gonna say, "Check out this car".
And then we're gonna use the dash M option
to specify the message body.
Now, when specifying the title
and the message body,
you wanna keep in mind
the person you're pretending to be,
the target person
and the relationship between the two.
If you're pretending to be a boss
or a colleague, then you might want
to keep these more formal,
but in my case, I'm pretending to be a friend,
so I'm gonna keep my title and the message casual
and I'm just gonna say,
"Hey man, check out this car.
I'm thinking of buying it."
And then we wanna give him a link
to download the Trojan
that shows a picture of a car that we created before.
So you can upload your Trojan to any file sharing service.
I chose to upload it to Dropbox
and I've already logged into my
Dropbox account in here.
If you don't know how to upload stuff to Dropbox,
you simply click on the upload in here,
you select the file,
and then the file will be uploaded in here.
So I'm not gonna show you how to do that.
It's very simple and there's no point of wasting time on it.
I already have the Trojan that shows a picture
of the image right here.
So I'm just gonna click on share
to get the link for it,
and I'm gonna click on copy link.
Now let me show you this trick.
If I just go in a new tab
and paste my download link,
you'll see that the file
will not be automatically downloaded.
I'll first go to Dropbox
and then the user
will have to click on download to download it.
But if we modify the URL
and just put a one in here instead of the zero,
and if I hit enter,
you'll see it'll automatically
download the file for the user.
And this is exactly what I want.
Therefore I'm just gonna go down now
and paste the file in here.
And that's it.
Now, if we hit enter,
this message will be sent and delivered to the target,
but it's gonna say m.askar@isecurity.org in here,
while actual messages
that come from this person
display the person's name.
As you can see in here,
they will actually say Mohammad Askar,
but don't worry about this.
In the next lecture I'm gonna teach you
how to use advanced options to do that
and set the sender name to anything that you want.